feat(smartcar): added support for simulated mode and feature flags (#109)
smartcar/python-sdk: REFERENCE.md

| `client_id`     | String  | **Optional**\* | Application clientId obtained from [Smartcar Developer Portal](https://dashboard.smartcar.com).                                   |
| `client_secret` | String  | **Optional**\* | Application clientSecret obtained from [Smartcar Developer Portal](https://dashboard.smartcar.com).                               |
| `redirect_uri`  | String  | **Optional**\* | RedirectURI set in [application settings](https://dashboard.smartcar.com/apps). Given URL must match URL in application settings. |

> | `mode`          | String  | **Optional**   | Mode to Launch the Smartcar Connect [test|simulated|live]  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mode`          | String  | **Optional**   | etermine what mode Smartcar Connect should be launched in. Should be one of test, live or simulated.  |
```
